c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2010\projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
G:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\Leonel\Desktop\TODO\LAP_CREATIVOS\varios\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\AKATSUKI\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
F:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets2.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
E:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
C:\Users\LapTiger\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\NVIDIA\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosMateriales.resources
C:\Users\LAPCREATIVOS\Desktop\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosDise単os.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosDise単os.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosMateriales.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarI.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cotizaciones.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Cotizaciones.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CotGeneral.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCotizacion.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Deduccciones.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets2.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Factura.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.frmImprimir.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Prestamos.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_AnularTicket.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Opciones.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosDise単os.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosMateriales.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCotizacion.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cotizaciones.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CotGeneral.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Cotizaciones.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Factura.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.frmImprimir.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_AnularTicket.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Opciones.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Prestamos.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets2.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarI.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Deduccciones.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
H:\CREATIVOS\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosDise単os.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosMateriales.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCotizacion.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cotizaciones.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CotGeneral.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Cotizaciones.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Factura.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.frmImprimir.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_AnularTicket.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Opciones.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Prestamos.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets2.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarI.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Deduccciones.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe.config
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\FlashControlV71.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosDise単os.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosMateriales.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCotizacion.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cotizaciones.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CotGeneral.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Cotizaciones.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Factura.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.frmImprimir.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_AnularTicket.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Opciones.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Prestamos.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets2.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarI.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Deduccciones.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
C:\Users\ANGEL\Desktop\Elaboracion de Sistemas\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosDise単os.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosMateriales.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCotizacion.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cotizaciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CotGeneral.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Cotizaciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Factura.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.frmImprimir.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_AnularTicket.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Opciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Prestamos.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets2.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarI.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Deduccciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Banners.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosDise単os.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_PreciosMateriales.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCotizacion.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cotizaciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CotGeneral.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Cotizaciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Factura.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.frmImprimir.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreC.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CierreT.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_CreditosR.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralC.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_GeneralR.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Control_Recargas_Claro.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Abono.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCliente.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarCredito.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Clientes.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Buscar.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Codigo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Comprar.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlCreditos.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ControlRecargas.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Edicion.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_EdicionC.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Anombre.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarPendientes.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarRecibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Cantidad2.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Concepto.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Imprimir.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_MenuRecibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Recibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Recibo.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_AnularTicket.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Opciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Prestamos.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets2.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarE.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarI.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Deduccciones.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Empleados.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Tickets.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Menu.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_BuscarTicket.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_ConsultaEmpleados.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Contrase単a.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Datagrid.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Descripcion.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Eliminar.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Empleados.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Inventario.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Tickets.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.F_Usuarios.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.Resources.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_Consulta.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.R_General.resources
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.exe
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.xml
D:\ARCHIVOS\PORTAFOLIOS\APLICACIONES DE ESCRITORIO\VISUAL .NET\CREATIVOS\Codigo Fuente\obj\x86\Debug\CREATIVOS.pdb
